SK-1788-WEB-Emails-emailpro-outlook-ios (#7523)
ovh/docs: pages/index.md

                + [Configuring an email account on Thunderbird for Windows](web_cloud/email_and_collaborative_solutions/mx_plan/how_to_configure_thunderbird_windows)
                + [Configuring an email account on Thunderbird for macOS](web_cloud/email_and_collaborative_solutions/mx_plan/how_to_configure_thunderbird_mac)
                + [Configuring your email account in the Mail application for Windows 10](web_cloud/email_and_collaborative_solutions/mx_plan/how_to_configure_windows_10)
            + [Setting up an email application on your mobile device](web-cloud-email-collaborative-solutions-mx-plan-setting-up-email-application-on-mobile-device)
                + [Configuring an email account on iPhone and iPad](web_cloud/email_and_collaborative_solutions/mx_plan/how_to_configure_ios)
                + [Configuring an email account on Android via the Gmail app](web_cloud/email_and_collaborative_solutions/mx_plan/how_to_configure_android)
                + [Configure your email account in Outlook for Android](web_cloud/email_and_collaborative_solutions/mx_plan/email_outlook_app_android)

>                 + [Configure your email account in Outlook for ios](web_cloud/email_and_collaborative_solutions/mx_plan/email_outlook_app_ios)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                + [Configure your email account in Outlook for iOS](web_cloud/email_and_collaborative_solutions/mx_plan/email_outlook_app_ios)
```

            + [Setting up an email application on your mobile device](web-cloud-email-collaborative-solutions-email-pro-setting-up-email-application-on-mobile-device)
                + [Configuring an Email Pro account on iPhone and iPad](web_cloud/email_and_collaborative_solutions/email_pro/how_to_configure_ios)
                + [Configuring an Email Pro account on Android via the Gmail app](web_cloud/email_and_collaborative_solutions/email_pro/how_to_configure_android)
                + [Configuring an Email Pro account in Outlook for android](web_cloud/email_and_collaborative_solutions/email_pro/how_to_configure_outlook_android)

>                 + [Configure your email account in Outlook for ios](web_cloud/email_and_collaborative_solutions/email_pro/how_to_configure_outlook_ios)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                + [Configuring an Email Pro account in Outlook for iOS](web_cloud/email_and_collaborative_solutions/email_pro/how_to_configure_outlook_ios)
```
